[Untracked] Add Flutter version requirements to public docs (#6478)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/flutter/flutter_sdk_integration.md

To complete the installation, you will need the [app identifier API key]({{site.baseurl}}/api/identifier_types/) as well as the [SDK endpoint][4]. Both are located under **Manage Settings** in the dashboard.

> Before following these steps, install and set up the [Flutter SDK][5]. Ensure your machine is running the minimum required Flutter and Dart versions [noted here][7].

Reviewer: Should we indicate that they should have those versions configured for both their machine and project?
```suggestion
Before following these steps, install and set up the [Flutter SDK][5]. Ensure your machine and project are running the minimum required Flutter and Dart versions [noted here][7].
```
